Next review iteration (#193)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/configuring-maintaining/controls-configuration-on-acratranslator/_index.md

# Controls configuration on AcraTranslator

> AcraTranslator's features can be configured via CLI flags ([see the whole list](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-server/#command-line-flags)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AcraTranslator can be configured from command line using CLI flags ([see the whole list](/acra/configuring-maintaining/controls-configuration-on-acratranslator/#command-line-flags)), or from a configuration file which should be defined as `--config_file <options.yml>` .
```

> Alternatively, `--config_file <options.yml>` may be used instead, and AcraTranslator will read options from a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
